My name is Marcus BRODY. I am 15 years old. In late 2002, I can’t remember exactly when, there was a lot of fighting in Goma, where I was living with my cousins.  My parents and sisters were already killed by the Rebels.  They had attacked our village one night with guns and grenades.I went to a rally in Goma where several Government commanders spoke and said that the President and the DCP were defending Congo.  I remember one of the commanders who spoke was Chief KOBONO, because everyone cheered when he got up to speak.  There were many soldiers at the rally, about the same as the number of children in my school .  Each family had to contribute, a cow or a goat or a child.  I was around ten years old then.  My aunt said I should go, since my family was dead because of the Rebels.  I followed the DCP soldiers. The DCP soldiers took me to a training camp called Kalemie, which was a few miles outside of my village.  A number of us, men and children, were transported there in a green “stout” (open back truck).  The camp was very big, with many soldiers and lots of guns.  I think that some of the trainers were from another country because sometimes they spoke in a language I did not really understand.  The training was hard at first, but I was good at running and shooting, so the commanders knew I would make a good soldier.  They did not give us guns to keep at first, but we learnt how to clean and use them properly. There were lots of new recruits all the time, children as well as men.  There were girls as well.  Most of the children were around my age, but some were younger, as young as seven years old.  Many of the girls were wives of the commanders.  The commanders called them their wives, but the girls did not talk about it much.  A good wife spends the entire night with her man.  The commanders laughed and said that if we boys learned to be good fighters, we would have many wives too.  I did not really take them seriously as I was just a boy. The commanders also offered us marijuana to smoke.  They said it would help us to relax.  I did not smoke, but many of the other boys and girls smoked with the commanders.  When the boys smoked, they seemed to go calm.The commander of the camp was BAGOR.  We all knew him by name. I remember he or maybe another commander spoke to the soldiers and recruits one time after the evening meal.  He said that we should kill all Rebels, that they were the enemy.  He said that the purpose of all our hard training was to prepare us for fighting the Rebels, who were taking our land and trying to kill us.  He said the enemy had already killed many of our family members, and we were entitled to revenge.  He kept saying that they were the “enemy.”  We should kill all of them, men, women and children, and destroy their villages.  It was our duty, what we were meant to do.
